c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\TripActor.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\TripActor.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Actors.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.FabricTransport.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Internal.Strings.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.Remoting.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Management.ServiceModel.XmlSerializers.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.Strings.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Actors.xml
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.xml
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Data.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.FabricTransport.xml
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.xml
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceFabric.Services.Remoting.xml
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\bin\x64\Debug\System.Fabric.xml
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\obj\x64\Debug\TripActor.Interfaces.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\obj\x64\Debug\TripActor.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\senthurans\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestSFA\TripActor.Interfaces\obj\x64\Debug\TripActor.Interfaces.pdb
